welcome to marine connection my name is
Jess modem gonna show you today's 1998
322 regal this boat is a great
opportunity for somebody that's a
handyman or maybe looking to repower the
boat the port motor on this boat is
taken apart you see that pictures
starboard motor does turn over it does
fire has good compression on it at least
need to tune up or something it would
stay running for us the generator fired
right up ran great we'll walk you
through the boat inside and out you'll
see in a pictures the boats a beautiful
shape just needs to be repowered needs a
little TLC let's climb aboard and take a
look
learn a cockpit area now you can see
that all the poultry is in good shape it
does have a few defects in it not a
really a big deal you can see a really
nice new shape seating area here right
now we do have the filler cushion in
place make it in those sleeping quarters
remove this cushion got your table here
there's a leg that will raise that up
here another seating area over here got
your little wet bar ice maker here great
captain seat on this boat in just double
wide seat here it's an electric seat
also tilt wheel all your gauges are in
good shape you can see the boat does
have a ton of canvas you'll see that a
little better in the pictures with the
full enclosure with the radar arch but
it also it does have the V drives off
the motors it's a great setup very
spacious let's go down in the cabin and
take a look at the rest of the boat
we're down in the cabin now you can see
everything down here is in great shape
also over here you have your electrical
panel all your 12-volt here your one can
your generator controls a lot of storage
on the boat another sleeping area are
here right now we have the bow the
filler cushions in place these two
cushions remove and you got the table
underneath so you also have a nice
seating area and a place to eat another
large sleeping area forward here sitting
area got your TV with your VCR more
storage your freshwater sink talking
more storage up here microwave two
burner stove refrigerator
more storage see everything's a nice
shape down here let's go ahead and take
a look at the head and then at the app
cabin you can see it inside the head
everything's very clean it's got the
electric head on it lot of storage in
there also inside the Afghan bin here
you can see it's a very spacious op
cabin all your battery switches are
right behind that back cushion back
there very large sleeping area you can
see the boat has a ton of sleeping area
great opportunity for somebody that's a
handyman we have not done a complete
systems check on this boat everything
does look like it's a good shape we did
fire up the generator runs great have a
nice day and God bless